Add section on environment write access (#7842)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_enterprise-permissions-table.md

* **Account-level permissions** &mdash; Permissions related to the management of the <Constant name="cloud" /> account. For example, billing and account settings.
* **Project-level permissions** &mdash; Permissions related to the projects in <Constant name="cloud" />. For example, repos and access to the <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> or <Constant name="cloud_cli" />. 

:::note

> Some permissions sets have read-only access to environment settings that can be overriden with more privileged access if the user is assigned to a group with [Environment write access](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access#environment-write-access) configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some permission sets only allow read-only access to environment settings. If a user belongs to a group with [Environment write access](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access#environment-write-access) enabled, those group-level permissions will override the default read-only restrictions.
```

Author: I think the "only" is established in the "read-only" and using it over reads a little repetitively. Since we've gotten feedback that "write" can be confusing, I think it's a good idea to leave the "privileged" language in this callout
